---
alias:
- /disaster/32/index.html
- /2007/03/11/disaster/index.html
comments: true
date: 2007-03-11 16:42:57
layout: post
slug: disaster
title: Disaster
wordpress_id: 32
categories:
- Life
tags:
- Life
- Profound
- Seen-Around
---

There are disasters all over the world, but somehow when there's one that's closer to home, it changes your perspective.  So apparently the fire that has been going on today in Anaheim Hills is actually not all too far away from home.  In fact, El Modena High School is one of the shelters, and that school is in my distract.  As a matter of fact it's probably only 5-10 minutes away!


It makes you think about how things are.  Our lives are based on so much that is simply temporary.  When something changes and we are left with whatever we are left with, then we are left with the choice to decide what is truly important in our life.  What will we choose?  Some of us will choose to pursue a life of pleasure (whether that means obtain "things" or satisfying oneself somehow).  Some of us will decide that life isn't worth it anymore.  Some of us will continue on doing what we think that we are supposed to be doing just as we have been doing all of our lives (not considering the reason or logic to why we do it all).  Some of us will attempt to live for "something greater" (whatever that may entail).  No matter what, it is intriguing to think about the fact that we are not the same once we are under duress.  As it is, a fairly insignificant percentage of people in the United States are actually under hardships such as these that make them re-evaluate their lives.  Have you ever thought about it?

Changes are not usually easy.  Some are even more difficult.  I'd rather not waste my life, thank you very much.
