---
alias:
- /311/indebted/index.html
- /2008/08/20/indebted/index.html
comments: true
date: 2008-08-20 08:14:56
layout: post
slug: indebted
title: Indebted
wordpress_id: 311
categories:
- Christian
tags:
- Christianity
- Life
---

In today's world, there is a high priority placed on independence and individuality.  I know that I value this in myself and in others.

While some think that fellowship and community are important, it seems to me that there is a distinctly positive association with being able to think and act of one's own accord.  In the workplace, this is obviously true because any employer would want someone who can figure out what's wrong and solve something on their own without their manager's every guiding instruction.  But even outside of the workplace people like to see people who will help without being asked, not have to be told what to do every step of the way, and can come up with new ideas on their own.

Perhaps in this Randian society where man is elevated to the heroic nature that he is, we have gone even further such that our value system has become more sharply focused.  That is, instead of praising society, we praise the individual.

As a Christian, though, I shouldn't have such a high regard for the things that each of us can do on our own.  I should feel indebted.

Christianity, at its roots, holds the message that we have something that we have done zero work for.  The work that Jesus Christ did on the cross has made my sin null and void.  And that is a wonderful thing!  So while I can still appreciate independence in action, I need to always remember that ultimately I cannot hold it against others when they do not.  For what do I hold over them?  Nothing.  I should forgive my debts, for I am forgiven mine.
